{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I started journaling when I was a kid. Back then, my notebook was a catch-all: feelings I didn\'92t know how to express out loud, creative ideas, rants, dream logs, unfinished to-do lists, even imaginary conversations I was too scared to have. I didn\'92t think of it as \'93journaling.\'94 It was just the place I unloaded the extra noise in my brain.\
Looking back, it was more than that. It was a pressure-release valve. The page absorbed everything I didn\'92t want to carry around.\
As I got older, I realized I wasn\'92t alone. So many people I admired had a quiet writing practice of their own. A friend once told me she wrote for five minutes every morning just to \'93clear the emotional windshield.\'94 A colleague kept a gratitude journal in the Notes app on his phone. Another wrote only when something big was happening \'97 a breakup, a job change, a life shift.\
And it turns out, there\'92s a reason journaling shows up again and again in the routines of creative people, leaders, and anyone trying to make sense of their life. Research has shown that writing\'97even briefly\'97can lower stress, improve mood, sharpen focus, and help people process emotions more clearly. But I learned all of that 
\f1\i after
\f0\i0  journaling had already changed me.\
Before journaling became a habit, I had a tendency to spiral. I could hang onto something someone said for days, replaying it, rewriting it, imagining the perfect comeback I didn\'92t say at the time. The emotions piled up. The mental clutter followed me everywhere.\
Writing each morning helped me interrupt that cycle. I\'92d wake up, open my notebook, and let everything spill out\'97frustrations, worries, hopes, the things I was dreading, the things I wanted to remember. For the first time, I could see my thoughts instead of being tangled in them.\
In the early days, I filled several pages each morning, usually long rambles about how I felt people had wronged me. Once those thoughts were on the page, they stopped occupying my brain. And something unexpected happened: I found myself having fewer imaginary arguments throughout the day. I started feeling more grounded. And eventually, when something bothered me, I felt more confident talking about it directly. The page taught me how to be honest\'97with myself first, then with others.\
These days, some mornings I write multiple pages. Other days, it\'92s a single paragraph. My ritual is simple: I write as soon as I wake up, and I end each day by listing five gratitudes. That combination\'97morning clarity, evening gratitude\'97anchors me.\
Journaling has also nudged me into parts of my life I might have ignored. It\'92s the reason I picked the saxophone back up after letting the idea sit dormant for years. A repeated note in my morning writing eventually became a decision, and the decision became one of the most joyful parts of my life.\
The idea for this site came from that same process. It started in the margins of my notebook as a tiny \'93What if\'85?\'94 and kept resurfacing. What if I created something that helped other people experience the same grounding, clarity, and sense of possibility that journaling has given me? What if the page became a little more accessible for people who want to write but feel stuck at the starting line?\
Over the years, I\'92ve read so many books about creativity and reflection. My entry point was 
\f1\i The Artist\'92s Way
\f0\i0  by Julia Cameron. More recently, 
\f1\i The Book of Alchemy
\f0\i0  by Suleika Jaouad reminded me how powerful it can be to start with an essay and let it lead naturally into prompts. That format\'97gentle guidance leading into personal inquiry\'97inspired much of what I\'92m building here.\
Through coaching, I\'92ve recommended journaling to dozens of people. And almost every time, I hear the same hesitations:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I don\'92t have time.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I don\'92t know what to write.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I\'92m not sure how to spell certain words.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I\'92m worried someone might read it.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I\'92m not a good writer.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 All valid concerns. Truly. Starting something new is hard, and writing can feel exposed. But the page doesn\'92t ask for perfection. It doesn\'92t judge grammar or handwriting. It simply meets you where you are.\
My invitation is simple: 
\f2\b try journaling for one week
\f0\b0 . Five minutes a day. Just enough time to breathe, reflect, and take stock of what\'92s stirring inside you.\
Here\'92s a short challenge to help you get started and notice what shifts.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 The 7-Day Journaling Challenge\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 Answer these on Day Zero and Day Seven to measure your shift.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Stress / Anxiety:
\f0\b0  On a scale of 1 (Calm) to 10 (Overwhelmed), where is your stress level today?\uc0\u8232 
\f2\b Gratitude:
\f0\b0  List three things you\'92re genuinely grateful for right now.\uc0\u8232 
\f2\b Self-Time:
\f0\b0  How many minutes did you spend yesterday doing something 
\f1\i just for you
\f0\i0 ?\uc0\u8232 
\f2\b Present Focus:
\f0\b0  Name one specific situation you\'92re anxious or worried about today. (Just name it.)\
}